README.md, before:

# EvaxProject2022

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.10.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Readme Update : Why do we need Architecture

README.md, after:

# Project Description : 
This is an angular project following an MVVM architectural pattern, 
This is a solution for the third question of this Lab (Lab2 - MV* Architectures) : 
https://insatunisia.github.io/TP-ArchLog/tp2/index.html

# Uses Cases :
  - List all Vaccination centers
  - Search for appointment


#  Architecture : 
  ### 1) why do we need Architecture ?
    > If we don't use architecture, we might fall under the risk of writing our codes in an unorganized pattern. This might increase the number of lines of code, making it difficult to understand. It also decreases readability and increases the number of bugs. So, to provide clear data flow which increases robustness, scalability, bug resistance, increases readability, we should use proper architecture, suitable to work in a team.
    The architectural patterns provide the best practices and play a significant role in application development. These patterns are designed to simplify complex codes and make the UI code cleaner and manageable.


  



# Project Made by :
  - Bacem Ben Daly
  - Mrabet Chouaib
